---
title: Supported Tasks
excerpt: ""
---

## Existing Tasks:

### 1. _Reading placards and finding background information about artworks_ - Hard task
Elliot is a junior majoring in history at Amherst. He likes going to museums to learn about history from a visual perspective, and he decides to attend a local art museum on the weekend. He sees an 18th century piece he really likes and reads the placard, but it names only the artist, date, and title of the work, and there is only explanatory wall text for the featured exhibits. He appreciates the art for what it is but feels he is missing part of the puzzle by not knowing anything about the connection between the artist and the work, and especially the history behind it. He writes down the name of the artwork for later, and continues on. When he returns from the museum, he googles the title of the piece hoping to learn more about it. Unfortunately, the artwork he liked so much was made by a lesser-known artist, so there isn’t much on the Internet about it. He does find a few scholarly articles about the artist, but they’re filled with confusing language and art terminology that he doesn’t understand.

### 2. _Discussing art with others in person_ - Moderate task
Anna is a frequent attender of museums, and likes to explore new kinds of art. She visits a contemporary art exhibit with a group of friends in a new city. As they’re walking around, a passer-by suggests they go up close to look at the exhibit featuring mirrors, because it provides a different perspective. As they take turns looking at themselves in the reflections, they share thoughts about the experience, and they notice that they all have different opinions on the installation based on their experiences with looking at their own reflections. They feel they have learned about themselves, about each other, and about the power of art to make us think about ourselves, through this discussion. 

### 3. _Appreciating and remembering art after a museum visit_ - Easy task
Carlos loves visiting museums, and he finds that certain artworks spark something in him that he just can’t describe. For these pieces, he tries to write them down somewhere so he can remember them for later–sometimes in a journal, sometimes in his “Notes” app on his phone. If the piece is part of a permanent exhibit, he jots that down too so he can visit it again the next time he comes to that museum. He also sometimes buys postcards or artist booklets at the museum so he can appreciate the art and look back on it even after he’s left the museum, but those can get pretty expensive.

## New Tasks:
### 4. _Understanding more context about art pieces_ - Hard task
Logan is visiting New York and decides to visit the famous MoMA, but he doesn’t know much about art and has no formal art training. He’s looking at the famous “Migrant Mother” photograph, and the placard notes that it was taken in 1963 in Nipomo, California by Dorothea Lange, but he gets no other information. He can feel the desperation in the image, but wants to learn more. Who is the woman in the photograph and why does she look like she’s suffering? He navigates to the photograph’s profile on the app and reads some basic information about the artwork. He learns that Lange was spending a month photographing migratory farm labor when she took this shot. He reads Lange’s account of her experience, and learns that the mother in the photograph “said that they had been living on frozen vegetables from the surrounding fields, and birds that the children killed. She had just sold the tires from her car to buy food.”<sup>[1]</sup> Logan feels like he can now better understand the emotional energy of the photograph.

### 5. _Discussing art with museum experts and novices_ - Moderate task
Caroline is a flight attendant for a major airline company. Every now and then she finds herself stuck in a major city with nothing to do. To pass the time before her next assignment, she often visits museums. She does not have any formal background in art, and would rather spend her time at home with her children than reading books on art. Because she’s usually away for work in random cities, she doesn’t always have friends to go to museums with, but she still wants to discuss the art with “regular” people and potentially scholars if they use colloquial language. At her next stop in Toledo, she visits an art museum, and finds a really interesting abstract art piece that she doesn’t quite understand. She doesn’t really want to spend time reading about background information; she finds that process kind of boring. Instead, she navigates to the artwork’s profile on the app, and reads about other people’s experiences with the piece. She is fascinated with how others describe their experiences with art, and the language they use to convey their emotions. She is also impressed by the insights she gains by reading responses from scholars who use colloquial language. She is surprised to find that people took on very varied interpretations of the art, and slowly begins to develop the confidence to decide for herself what the artwork means to her. She even adds her own comment, and feels pride in participating in this discussion and adding her own take. 

### 6. _Favoriting artworks_ - Easy task
Chelsea is an avid art-lover, and loves visiting art museums in her spare time. She visits a new museum that just opened in her city, and stumbles upon a painting that she is immediately entranced by. She wants to remember this artwork somehow, so that she can look back on it later and remember how it made her feel. She uses the app to navigate to the painting’s profile and “favorite” it. That night at home, she thinks more about the painting and other artworks that have impacted her. She pulls up the app to see all of the artworks she’s favorited in the past. She goes through some of them, and nostalgically remembers how she felt at each time, and even thinks about the context in her life when each of these artworks was particularly meaningful to her. As she scrolls through, she notices that most of the artworks she’s favorited have been paintings and abstract art, and feels like she’s learned something about her own personal style of expression through this.

## Extra Tasks:
### 7. _Breaking down formal art interpretations into understandable terms_ - Hard task (Existing)

Syd has had no formal experience studying art and so is not familiar with the formal terms used to describe art. However, she enjoys going to art museums on the weekend with her friends. On one visit, the pamphlets about the artworks use a lot of formal language she doesn’t understand. She asks her friends what they mean. However, there are some parts that are not understandable to her friends either. In these cases, she uses her phone to google each term, and after identifying appropriate definitions, she is able to piece together what the pamphlet is talking about.

### 8. _Artist communicating with people interested in her work_ - Moderate task (New)

Jordan Mitchell is a rising modern artist with a number of nationwide exhibitions. Her artwork is revolutionary and can be hard to understand for both art novices and experts. She often attends museum events, explains her work, and interacts with people interested in her work. However, she is unable to attend as many events as she would like to. She communicates with both novice and experienced museum goers. She is able to explain her work, and respond to any of their questions. This helps breakdown the barriers preventing people to understand her revolutionary artwork. It is also a way for Jordan to get real time feedback on how people see her artworks.

