---
title: Design Research Goals, Stakeholders, and Participants
excerpt: ""
---

## Methods and Process

We performed our inquiries as a combination of semi-structured interviews and traditional contextual inquiries. Since our app is not meant to replace an existing practice as much as provide a new feature and aspect to engagement with art, we found that the traditional contextual inquiry would not be enough for us. Instead, we started our inquiries with semi-structured interviews to get a sense of the user and their general experience with art and museums. We then moved to observing how users interacted with different art pieces in real time. This allowed us to understand the questions users wanted answered and what their perspective on different art pieces was. We conducted most of the interviews in MASS MoCA because the setting provided some helpful context and the museum had art readily available for use as probes. We had a varied participant demographic to closely approximate the general population.

## Design Research Participants

Our first contextual inquiry participant was an Art History professor at the University of Rochester. We interviewed her at MASS MoCA while walking around some exhibits. We noticed her struggle with figuring out how best to navigate exhibits, as there weren’t good directions in the museum. Further, she noted that although she believes discussion can be helpful in understanding art, there should also be some kind of direction in the conversation to prevent it from devolving into speculation. We chose to interview an Art History professor because Art History professors are not only passionate about art but also have years of experience engaging with and teaching students who have no previous background in art. 

Secondly, we interviewed two students from MCLA and Worcester State University. We interviewed them at MASS MoCA while walking around the James Turrell exhibit. They were both somewhat interested in art, but had no formal training in art or Art History. Because they had no formal education in art, we noticed that many of their comments were about art in relation to different things in their lives (many “this reminds me of…” comments). In addition, they learned a lot through museum staff and other museum-goers about the exhibits. We noticed that they didn’t spend much time reading placards or pamphlets. When asked about what extra information they wanted about art pieces, they noted that they were mostly curious about the artist's inspiration for pieces, but didn't want too much background information. They felt that too much background would interfere with their own creative interpretations of art pieces.

Our third participant was a Williams student who occasionally visits museums and has an interest in art, but has no formal background knowledge. He expressed a particular frustration with contemporary and conceptual art that doesn’t allow him to engage in the subject matter as much as less abstract, traditional pieces. This has led him to pay less attention to contemporary art. However, he noted that he wouldn’t necessarily want a very formal understanding of art and likes to leave some of his understanding to individual interpretation. Additionally, in order to probe what the current process for learning about art looks like, we conducted a contextual inquiry, asking him to describe his process looking at a few modern pieces. After looking at a Jackson Pollack piece and not gleaning much from it, he continued to search for more information on his own. His search evinced the difficulty both in finding a trustworthy, centralized resource for art and in comprehending the language of formal art terms.

Our fourth contextual inquiry was with an elderly couple. They were looking at a modern art installation about violence. One mentioned that he was an engineer and could not understand modern art. The other indicated that the museum pamphlets helped her make sense of the art. Although they did not have a full understanding of the exhibit, it was clear that it had an effect on the couple. They were not very comfortable with modern art, and they felt their experience needed to be directed. The couple visits museums every couple months, and they have never had trouble interpreting traditional art.

Our fifth contextual inquiry was with a young couple at MASS MoCA. They were observing a large modern art installation. They did not have any formal background in art. Their interest in art was casual, and they visit museums about 6 times a year. We noticed that the couple felt very strongly about art. They expressed that art helped them make sense of their lives. They connect art to their everyday life. Their museum experience was very personal.
